gorilla animal Coco the UH okay that's
pretty good
gorilla is learning to communicate
through speech man one day he'll be
talking better than I do
hey guys what's up my name is Ed waffle
and we're talking about probably the
dawn of the Planet of the Apes here for
you and I uh
[Music]
so if you guys could talk to an ape and
it could respond to you what would you
ask it let me know what you'd ask a
gorilla down there guys so Coco the
gorilla is a pretty well known gorilla
she was the first gorilla to use sign
language to communicate with the human
being but then she's learned so much
that scientists are now believing that
she might be taking it to the next level
that's right
talking for the very first time now the
University of wisconsin-madison have
analyzed 71 hours of footage with the
gorilla and they discover that Coco the
gorilla is using nine behaviors all of
which require control over vocalization
and good eating
hey guys might be thinking okay wait is
this like a regular thing for a gorilla
to do no these are not regular behaviors
for a gorilla cheese sandwich or a
gorilla itself now so far Coco does not
produce pretty sounds like we do like
hello and she can't even do accents not
some a little disappointed but they say
she can control her larynx to do
different types of grunts man this is
some crazy plan of the eight haven't we
learned from the movies scientists do
you believe that in the right
environmental conditions apes will be
able to learn how to control their
vocalization better but unfortunately
their vocal tracks won't be like what we
do as humans but hey it's a step in a
new direction Penny Patterson has been
friends with this girl for over 30 years
she describes her as a very self-aware
gorilla with a great sense of humor the
two are the first to close the gaps and
build a bridge between animal and human
being and hopefully we can learn a lot
more from these two guys before I head
out if you are all banano from you guys
what is the
animal that you have the greatest bond
with thanks for watching guys my name is
Dave Wawa and I'm gonna get a grill of
myself out of here
I needed some mofo videos yeah